_projects/pok_engine.md, before:

---
layout: project
title: Pok Project
role: Lead programmer/engine
team: Up to 15 programmers in 3 teams (Game, Tool, Engine)
priority: 1
tags: game-engine c++
thumbnail: stars_of_anarchy_key_image.JPG
type: school-project
time: 6 months during my third year
last_update: 2020-05-10
excerpt: This is a <b>6 months school project</b> we made in our third year. The objective was to do a game (Stars of Anarchy) running on the <b>Nintendo Switch</b> using a custom game engine (PokEngine). We separated the team in three main groups, Game, Tool and Engine. I was the <b>lead programmer and engine</b> on the project. I implemented most of the core feature used in the engine as the graphic engine, physics engine, entity manager, resource manager, and so on.
---

## Overview
The Pok's project is a 6 months school project were my and other students had to make a 3D game engine that could run on the switch. You can have a look at some of the articles I've written about it.

1. [My first article]({% post_url 2020-04-13-How-to-make-more-in-the-same-time %}) is about the overall multithreading of the engine. 
2. You can also read [here]({% post_url 2020-04-07-Particle-systems %}) how I approach the implementation of a particle system.
3. Finally I wrote a [first post mortem] ({% post_url 2020-04-08-Post-mortem-how-to-survive-a-6-months-school-project %}) mainly focused around different solution to have a professional environnment while still being in school. 
4. I also write a [second post mortem]({% post_url 2020-04-08-Post-mortem-how-to-survive-a-6-months-school-project %}) which focus more around our main mistake and what I would do differently.

Commit message:

Add highlights to project and show them on the home page

_projects/pok_engine.md, after:

---
layout: project
title: Pok Project
role: Lead programmer/engine
team: Up to 15 programmers in 3 teams (Game, Tool, Engine)
priority: 1
tags: game-engine c++
thumbnail: stars_of_anarchy_key_image.JPG
type: school-project
time: 6 months during my third year
last_update: 2020-05-10
highlights: 
- Implementation of a custom engine from scratch
- Decision of the overall architecture 
- Code review for every membre of the team
- Acting as the lead programmer and the lead engine
- Up to 15 programmers at the same time
excerpt: Specialization project at school where we made an home made 3d engine in c++ that could run a game on the Nintendo Switch.
description: This is a <b>6 months school project</b> we made in our third year. The objective was to do a game (Stars of Anarchy) running on the <b>Nintendo Switch</b> using a custom game engine (PokEngine). We separated the team in three main groups, Game, Tool and Engine. I was the <b>lead programmer and engine</b> on the project. I implemented most of the core feature used in the engine as the graphic engine, physics engine, entity manager, resource manager, and so on.
---

## Overview
The Pok's project is a 6 months school project were my and other students had to make a 3D game engine that could run on the switch. You can have a look at some of the articles I've written about it.

1. [My first article]({% post_url 2020-04-13-How-to-make-more-in-the-same-time %}) is about the overall multithreading of the engine. 
2. You can also read [here]({% post_url 2020-04-07-Particle-systems %}) how I approach the implementation of a particle system.
3. Finally I wrote a [first post mortem] ({% post_url 2020-04-08-Post-mortem-how-to-survive-a-6-months-school-project %}) mainly focused around different solution to have a professional environnment while still being in school. 
4. I also write a [second post mortem]({% post_url 2020-04-08-Post-mortem-how-to-survive-a-6-months-school-project %}) which focus more around our main mistake and what I would do differently.
